feature (auth/ldap): add LDAP auth method along with associated accounts and managed groups (#2912)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/domain-model/managed-groups.mdx

[filtering concepts]: /boundary/docs/concepts/filtering
[oidc managed groups filtering]: /boundary/docs/concepts/filtering/oidc-managed-groups

### LDAP Managed Group Information and Attributes

Membership in LDAP managed groups is evaluated when the auth method is used for
authentication, based on information contained within the LDAP server. Every

> authentication will result in a new evaluation of managed group membership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication results in a new evaluation of managed group membership.
```
